Tkakar/cat 673 create builder for seg mask (#92)
hubmapconsortium/portal-visualization: README.md

  --marker MARKER       Marker to highlight in visualization; Only used in
                        some visualizations.
  --to_json             Output viewconf, rather than open in browser.
  --epic_uuid UUID      uuid of the EPIC dataset
  ```

  ```
  Notes:  

>   1. To get the token, look for Authorization Bearer {token represented by a long string} under `search-api` network calls under th network tab in developer's tool when browsing a dataset in portal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. To get the token, look for Authorization Bearer {token represented by a long string} under `search-api` network calls under the network tab in developer's tool when browsing a dataset in portal while logged in. The token necessary to access non-public datasets, such as those in QA.
```

>   2. If you added an argument to the vis-preview.py script, do update the help docs in README, otherwise build will throw error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. The documentation for the `vis-preview.py` script must match the contents of the readme. When a script argument is added or modified, the README must be updated to match the output of `./vis-preview.py --help`.
```

>   3. 

Reviewer: Can be removed, unless there's something else we want to document?
```suggestion
```

Data for the Vitessce visualization almost always comes via raw data that is processed by [ingest-pipeline](https://github.com/hubmapconsortium/ingest-pipeline) airflow dags.
Harvard often contributes our own custom pipelines to these dags that can be found in [portal-containers](https://github.com/hubmapconsortium/portal-containers).

> The outputs of these pipelines are then converted into view configurations for Vitessce by the [portal backend](https://github.com/hubmapconsortium/portal-ui/blob/0b43a468fff0256a466a3bf928a83893321ea1d9/context/app/api/client.py#L165), The `vis-preview.py` mimics the invocation of `get_view_config_builder` for development and testing purposes independently, i.e., without using the [portal backend](https://github.com/hubmapconsortium/portal-ui/blob/0b43a468fff0256a466a3bf928a83893321ea1d9/context/app/api/client.py#L165).

Reviewer: These links are a bit outdated since the `client.py` file is now in `portal-visualization`: https://github.com/hubmapconsortium/portal-visualization/blob/main/src/portal_visualization/client.py

Both of these links also appear to point to the same URL - I think pointing to where the portal UI hooks into `client.py` for view conf generation might be more illustrative: https://github.com/hubmapconsortium/portal-ui/blob/main/context/app/routes_browse.py#L126
